morning
finally race day and it's great knowing
that we going to go there where would
qualify just add a fifth I see that we
can give people a bit of a race I think
that we can really give it a go decide
just how that compares to the rest of
season and leaving the hotel this
morning knowing that we can fire from
good points paying on podiums and you
know who knows the way there is rain so
that's going to turn up a lot of stuff
it's going to make the team we're all
going to be after on our toes again
right yesterday today is all about the
race couldn't be better because we're
just in the fighting again which is what
we're all about for so I certainly get
something out of this because he's the
just reward for everybody for all the
hard work that everybody's putting not
only here as I mentioned before back in
back in MTC so babies crossed
give it our best
the race was at a bit of an adventure
again it was a great drive by a key and
a great start by Luis and unfortunately
you got called out briefly the first
time this year without a trace albeit
for 40 meters or something but say I'm
not disappointed is that would be the
truth but what I've taken out of the
weekend and now with performance from
where we all know is is complaining over
it's fantastic earnest it's all credit
to a lot of people side work so I'm not
actually not too down about it I've got
to say and I'm looking forward even worn
out to Hungary what happened last night
was we stripped the cars completely
break down all of the garage and got
finished back in the Nurburgring at
about quarter to 11 and then we drove up
to here up to Cologne oh there we go
that was a gender Grand Prix it's known
early morning just after harvest 11 back
home the preparations for Hungary were
willing to work they start they are
allowed to Germany already did a little
work for Hungary yesterday and yesterday
and it's a race that operated
expectations no caps for now with it
with the newfound performance so yeah
bringing on get there soon enough
and this also brings us to the end of
the video diary I hope you've enjoyed it
and I hope it's given you an insight
into myself on the rest of the guys
doing the kind of life that we need yeah
thanks for watching thank you